content/issues/2024-09-23-document-cloud-availabilty.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Document Cloud availabilty
date: 2024-09-23T15:39:20.321Z
resolved: false
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-09-23T17:37:20.326Z
affected:
  - Adobe
severity: disrupted
---
*Vendor Investigating | 12:29pm Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and Adobe Document Cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Vendor Investigating | 11:38am Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Vendor Investigating | 11:25am Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Report Received | 10:39am Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. Adobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2024-09-23-document-cloud-availabilty”

content/issues/2024-09-23-document-cloud-availabilty.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: Document Cloud availabilty
date: 2024-09-23T15:39:20.321Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-09-23T18:18:20.326Z
affected:
  - Adobe
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 01:18pm Central* - Adobe reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Vendor Investigating | 12:29pm Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and Adobe Document Cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Vendor Investigating | 11:38am Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Vendor Investigating | 11:25am Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. AdAdobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Report Received | 10:39am Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. Adobe reports availability issues with the Adobe Acrobat Google Chrome browser extension, Adobe Acrobat Sign, and accessing documents stored within Adobe Illustrator document cloud. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.
