content/issues/2024-08-29-backup-internet-connection-outage.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Backup internet connection outage
date: 2024-08-28T04:50:49.988Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-28T04:51:49.995Z
affected:
  - 65E
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 07:44pm Central* - The Technology Services Department reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. After completing our final investigation, the Comcast Xfinity internet connection experienced a momentary outage with a total outage of less than one minute. We have confirmed that connectivity has been restored on our FortiGate management dashboards.

*Issue Resolved, Department Monitoring | 12:51am Central* - Prior to starting our investigation, the FortiGate appliance at 65E reports that the Comcast Xfinity internet connection has been restored at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information.

*Report Received | 12:50am Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliance at 65E reports that the Comcast Xfinity internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. As the Comcast Xfinity connection provides backup internet connectivity to the property, no disruption of services is expected.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2024-08-29-backup-internet-connection-outage”

content/issues/2024-08-29-backup-internet-connection-outage.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: Primary internet connection outage
date: 2024-08-28T06:03:49.988Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-28T06:08:49.995Z
affected:
  - "204"
  - "302"
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 08:02pm Central* - The Technology Services Department reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. After completing our final investigation, the Vintage Fiber internet connection experienced a service disruption with a total outage of five minutes. We have confirmed that connectivity has been restored on our FortiGate management dashboards.

*Issue Resolved, Department Monitoring | 02:08am Central* - Prior to starting our investigation, the FortiGate appliances at both Vintage 204 and Vintage 302 report that the Vintage Fiber internet connection has been restored at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information.

*Report Received | 02:03am Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliances at both Vintage 204 and Vintage 302 report that the Vintage Fiber internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. Although the Vintage Fiber connection provides primary internet connectivity to the property, no disruption of services is expected due to redundant internet currently performing as expected.
