content/issues/2024-08-23-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Photoshop and Illustrator availability
date: 2024-08-22T22:39:40.118Z
resolved: false
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-23T00:02:40.123Z
affected:
  - FortiGate
severity: disrupted
---
*Vendor Investigating | 06:38pm Central* - FortiGate continues to investigate the issue. FortiGate reports that FortiGate Cloud access is unavailable at this time. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from FortiGate. End user disruption is not expected for this issue, however disruption is limited to members of the Technology Services Department accessing FortiGate appliances through the FortiGate Cloud management portal. Staff members are encouraged to use the SSL VPN tunnel at this time to manage FortiGate appliances.

*Report Received | 05:39pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. FortiGate reports that FortiGate Cloud access may be unavailable at this time. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from FortiGate. End user disruption is expected for this issue, however disruption is limited to members of the Technology Services Department accessing FortiGate appliances through the FortiGate Cloud management portal. Staff members are encouraged to use the SSL VPN tunnel at this time to manage FortiGate appliances.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2024-08-23-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability”

content/issues/2024-08-23-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: FortiGate Cloud outage
date: 2024-08-22T22:39:40.118Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-23T03:07:40.123Z
affected:
  - FortiGate
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 10:07pm Central* - FortiGate reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Vendor Investigating | 06:38pm Central* - FortiGate continues to investigate the issue. FortiGate reports that FortiGate Cloud access is unavailable at this time. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from FortiGate. End user disruption is not expected for this issue, however disruption is limited to members of the Technology Services Department accessing FortiGate appliances through the FortiGate Cloud management portal. Staff members are encouraged to use the SSL VPN tunnel at this time to manage FortiGate appliances.

*Report Received | 05:39pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. FortiGate reports that FortiGate Cloud access may be unavailable at this time. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from FortiGate. End user disruption is expected for this issue, however disruption is limited to members of the Technology Services Department accessing FortiGate appliances through the FortiGate Cloud management portal. Staff members are encouraged to use the SSL VPN tunnel at this time to manage FortiGate appliances.
