content/issues/2024-08-30-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Photoshop and Illustrator availability
date: 2024-08-30T01:51:04.408Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-30T01:51:04.411Z
affected:
  - Adobe
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 01:02pm Central* - Adobe reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Report Received | 12:22pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. Adobe reports that users may experiencing accessing desktop versions of Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2024-08-30-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability”

content/issues/2024-08-30-photoshop-and-illustrator-availability.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: PDF conversion service availability
date: 2024-08-28T23:27:04.408Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-08-29T02:34:04.411Z
affected:
  - Adobe
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 10:34pm Central* - Adobe reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Vendor Investigating | 05:49pm Central* - Adobe continues to investigate the issue. Adobe reports that users may experiencing issues with using PDF conversion services. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report but are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.

*Report Received | 05:27pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. Adobe reports that users may experiencing issues with using PDF conversion services. The Atelic Technology Services Department has not been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Adobe. End user disruption may occur for this issue.
