content/issues/2024-12-21-primary-internet-connection-outage.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Primary internet connection outage
date: 2024-12-21T00:01:07.906Z
resolved: false
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-12-21T00:14:07.908Z
affected:
  - "204"
  - "302"
severity: disrupted
---
*Investigating | 06:12pm Central* - The Technology Services Department continues to investigate the issue affecting the Vintage Fiber internet connection at both Vintage 204 and Vintage 302. We can confirm the Charter Spectrum internet connection is working as expected across both properties, and that Vintage Fiber is investigating the outage. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report. End user disruption is not expected for this issue.

*Report Received | 06:01pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliances at Vintage 204 and Vintage 302 report that the Vintage Fiber internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. Although the Vintage Fiber internet connection provides primary internet connectivity to the property, Charter Spectrum provides backup internet to the property and thus disruption of services is not expected.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2024-12-21-primary-internet-connection-outage”

content/issues/2024-12-21-primary-internet-connection-outage.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: Primary internet connection outage
date: 2024-12-21T00:01:07.906Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2024-12-21T02:56:07.908Z
affected:
  - "204"
  - "302"
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 08:56pm Central* - The Technology Services Department reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Investigating | 06:12pm Central* - The Technology Services Department continues to investigate the issue affecting the Vintage Fiber internet connection at both Vintage 204 and Vintage 302. We can confirm the Charter Spectrum internet connection is working as expected across both properties, and that Vintage Fiber is investigating the outage. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report. End user disruption is not expected for this issue.

*Report Received | 06:01pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliances at Vintage 204 and Vintage 302 report that the Vintage Fiber internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. Although the Vintage Fiber internet connection provides primary internet connectivity to the property, Charter Spectrum provides backup internet to the property and thus disruption of services is not expected.
