content/issues/2025-02-14-phone-authentication-unavailable.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Phone authentication unavailable
date: 2025-02-14T01:49:54.379Z
resolved: false
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2025-02-14T01:49:54.382Z
affected:
  - Duo
severity: disrupted
---
*Vendor Implementing Fix | 07:29pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Most Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:54pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Numerous Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:16pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:08pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:53pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:37pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:10pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 02:12pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and continues the  process of implementing a fix. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 01:01pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Report Received | 12:45pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one of our services. Duo reports that users are unable to complete multi-factor authentication prompts via phone call. Users are advised to utilize the push authentication method during this outage. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2025-02-14-phone-authentication-unavailable”

content/issues/2025-02-14-phone-authentication-unavailable.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: Phone authentication unavailable
date: 2025-02-14T01:49:54.379Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2025-02-14T01:43:54.382Z
affected:
  - Duo
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 07:43pm Central* - Duo reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 07:29pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Most Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:54pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Numerous Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:16pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 06:08pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers have fully recovered, and additional servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:53pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:37pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 04:10pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. Several Duo servers are recovering currently. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 02:12pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and continues the  process of implementing a fix. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Vendor Implementing Fix | 01:01pm Central* - Duo has identified the root cause of the issue and is in process of implementing a fix. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Report Received | 12:45pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one of our services. Duo reports that users are unable to complete multi-factor authentication prompts via phone call. Users are advised to utilize the push authentication method during this outage. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report and are monitoring further updates from Duo. End user disruption is expected for this issue.
