content/issues/2026-01-28-primary-internet-connection-outage.md, before:

---
section: issue
title: Primary internet connection outage
date: 2026-01-25T07:24:20.913Z
resolved: false
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2026-01-27T23:45:20.915Z
affected:
  - Moore
severity: disrupted
---
*Investigating | 01/25 09:08am Central* - The Technology Services Department continues to investigate the issue affecting the AT&T Business internet connection at the 30N studio in Chicago. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report. End user disruption is expected for this issue. After coordinating with management, further investigation is suspended at this time.

*Report Received | 01/25 01:27pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliance at the 30N studio in Chicago reports that the AT&T Business internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. As the AT&T Business internet connection provides the only internet connectivity to the property, disruption of services is expected.

Commit message:

Update Incident “2026-01-28-primary-internet-connection-outage”

content/issues/2026-01-28-primary-internet-connection-outage.md, after:

---
section: issue
title: Primary internet connection outage
date: 2026-01-25T07:24:20.913Z
resolved: true
draft: false
informational: false
pin: false
resolvedWhen: 2026-01-29T16:14:20.915Z
affected:
  - 65E
severity: disrupted
---
*Issue Resolved | 01/29 01:27pm Central* - The Technology Services Department reports that the issue is now resolved. The Atelic Technology Services Department appreciates your patience and understanding while working through this service outage. If the issue is still occurring, please contact the Technology Services Department. This will be the last update unless the issue recurs.

*Issue Resolved, Department Monitoring | 01/29 10:14am Central* - The FortiGate appliance at the 30N studio in Chicago reports that the AT&T Business internet connection is back online and the Technology Services Department is now monitoring to validate the service restoration. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report. End user disruption is expected for this issue.

*Investigating | 01/25 09:08am Central* - The Technology Services Department continues to investigate the issue affecting the AT&T Business internet connection at the 30N studio in Chicago. The Atelic Technology Services Department has been able to validate this report. End user disruption is expected for this issue. After coordinating with management, further investigation is suspended at this time.

*Report Received | 01/25 01:27pm Central* - We are investigating a potential issue that might affect the uptime of one our of services. The FortiGate appliance at the 30N studio in Chicago reports that the AT&T Business internet connection is offline at this time. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The Technology Services Department will investigate this report shortly and will update this incident post once we have more information. As the AT&T Business internet connection provides the only internet connectivity to the property, disruption of services is expected.
